Blog post for KubeCon NA 2024 (#5404)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/blog/2024/kubecon-na.md

  by Matthias Haeussler, Novatec Consulting GmbH & Tiffany Jernigan,
  Independent<br> Friday November 15, 2024 11:00am - 12:30pm MST
- **[Contribfest: OpenTelemetry Contribfest](https://sched.co/1hoyF)**<br> by
  OpenTelemetry Maintainers<br> Friday November 15, 2024 4:00pm - 5:30pm MST

## Observability Day

_[Observability Day][] fosters collaboration, discussion, and knowledge sharing of
cloud-native observability projects_. This event will be held on November 12, 2024
from 9am to 6pm. [Check the full schedule](https://colocatedeventsna2024.sched.com/overview/type/Observability+Day)
to find your favorite talks about Observability and OpenTelemetry.

> <i class="far fa-exclamation-triangle"></i> **IMPORTANT access note**: You
> need an _in-person all-access_ pass for on-site access to **Observability
> Day**. For details, see [KubeCon registration][]. If you have a virtual ticket,
> you will be able to follow **Observability Day** through a live stream.

## OpenTelemetry Observatory

Drop by and say _"Hi!"_ at OpenTelemetry Observatory presented by Splunk in the
Expo Hall. This will be a place for informal chats, meetups, and other

> discussions led by OpenTelemetry community members and maintainers.

Author: I added a note

> discussions led by OpenTelemetry community members and maintainers.

Author: done

> 

Reviewer: The schedule is coming together! Can you please add the following info about these 2 new session types we're hosting:

> New for this year! 
> * **SIG Office Hours**: Come meet the people behind the project, learn about their work, ask questions, share feedback, or find out how to contribute. 
> * **Special Topic Discussions**: Come learn about two of the _hottest_ OTEPs right now, Events and Entities!

If you’d like to participate and lead a discussion or short presentation, reach
out to the
[OpenTelemetry End User Working Group](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C01RT3MSWGZ)

> to indicate your interest.

Author: done

discussions led by OpenTelemetry community members and maintainers.

Note, that the Observatory may show up as "Splunk Activation Booth" on the event
map.

For the activity schedule, see the
[OTel Observatory Schedule](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E23Dkz1B2us71BtlQq8oG4o_QFsTeLPeh-X2uVnlubg/edit?usp=sharing).
Note that this schedule may be updated up until the day of the event, so check
back for the latest!

New for this year!

- SIG Office Hours: Come meet the people behind the project, learn about their
  work, ask questions, share feedback, or find out how to contribute.
- Special Topic Discussions: Come learn about two of the hottest OTEPs right
  now, Events and Entities!

If you'd like to participate by leading a discussion, or if there is a
discussion topic you're interested in, please reach out to the
[OpenTelemetry End User SIG](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C01RT3MSWGZ)
to let us know, and we will see what we can do.

You can help us improve the project by sharing your thoughts and feedback about
your OpenTelemetry adoption, implementation, and usage.

We will create action items from your comments as appropriate. Check

> [#otel-user-research][] in CNCF's Slack instance for results and action item

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[#otel-sig-end-user][] in CNCF's Slack instance for results and action item
```

updates to come after KubeCon EU.

Come join us to listen, learn, and get involved in OpenTelemetry.

See you in Salt Lake City!

[kubecon na]:
  https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/
[Observability Day]:
  https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/co-located-events/observability-day/
[kubecon registration]:
  https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/register/

> [#otel-user-research]: https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C01RT3MSWGZ

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[#otel-sig-end-user]: https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C01RT3MSWGZ
```
